1. find teams with the fastest players overall
2. find teams with the best ball controllers
3. find teams with the best shooters
4. find teams with the best finishers 
5. find teams with the best dribblers
6. find teams with the best headers
7. find teams with the best dribblers
8. find teams which have players with exceptional overralls
9. find teams which have players with exceptional potential
10. find teams which have players with the best combined overall
11. find teams which have players with the best combined potential etc. 

You can combine some specific abilities or properties. 
Say you want to get the players who have the best (highest point ) combination of ball control, 
+ pace + physical strength

** or many other combinations **
speed + dribbling + physical 
speed + dribbling + strength
pace + dribbling + finishing
passing + shooting + agility. 


1. To be able to sort teams by overall, attack , midfield, defense, league names etc
2. To be able to sort teams by which teams have the most players(excluding goalkeepers) with the highest points or ratings
of a specific attribute. eg.dribbling, ball control, finishing, passing. 

some teams have subs and bench players with really bad starts. I don't want the attributes 
of poor subs and bench players and goal keepers to affect the sorting and the rating.

I might use the top 11 players excluding the goalkeepers.

I will have another version using the top 11 players + those on sub. 

I will also have another version using the top 11 players + those on sub + those on bench

I will also have another sorting / rating of only goalies so they can also have their shine. 


3. To be able to sort players by their exceptional attributes. 
For example we can find the top 10 players with the best heading ability
or the top 10 players with the highest finishing. 
Or we can even sort every single player using these specific attributes. 


cool questions that can be answered with the kind of data I now have.

*what if I tell you to the name the top 4 players who have really cool goalkeeping attributes and assuming 
a team has an injured goalkeeper and the main keeper gets a red card, which players can play the role of the 
goalkeeper really well. 

* what if I tell you to name the top 5 tallest players in the game . 

* or the top 10 heaviest players in the game .

*Haha, we can even compare the goalkeeping stats of players such as messi and ronaldo just for fun purposes.

* what if I ask you to name the top 10 players with the best jumping ability. The only name that might most possibly 
come into your mind may be Christiano Ronaldo :).

* you can even find what killer attributes a player is specifically significantly good at. As in what 
attributes are maybe say above 80 or above 90 or something.

5th march update
Some few things I want to do.

1. players who have all the attributes specified in a list over 90

2.I have to find teams who have 3 or more players with all of certain attributes I will specify in a list over 90
print the players and their attributes.
eg . ["finishing","sprint Speed","acceleration",strength > 80"]

all the attributes over 90
["agility","balance", "ball control","dribbling]

["sprint speed" , "acceleration","dribbling" ,"finishing"]

["agility","balance"]
["dribbling","ball control"]
["finishing","acceleration"]
["finishing","sprint speed"]
["finishing","sprint speed","acceleration"]
["finishing","sprint speed", "acceleration"]
["long shots ", "shot power"]
["finishing","sprint speed", "acceleration","long Shots","shot power"]

["dribbling","ball control", "agility", "balance", "finishing"]
["dribbling","ball control","agility", "balance" , "strength"]
["shot power","finishing","long Shots"]
["finishing","long shots", "shot power", "penalites"]
["finishing","long shots","shot power", "Penalties","Sprint Speed", "acceleration"]
rank all teams in the game by defense , attack, midfield 


I need to add a function to create a random team from all over the game of 11 players based on certain attributes you desire. 
They all have to play specific positions. 

It will be more of a squad builder. 

You specify attributes and value for each for maybe your striker
attributes and value for each  for your right winger 
attributes and value for each for your left winger 
attributes and value for each  for your CAM 
attributes and value for each for your CDM 
attributes and value for each for your left wing back
attributes and value for each for your right wing back 
attributes and value for your Center backs 
attributes and value for your Goalkeeper


3. 2.I have to find countries who have 3 or more players with all of certain attributes I will specify in a list over 90
print the players and their attributes.
The thing is that some players may have a nationality for a certain country but then they may not be 
in the starting or even substitute players or even the bench players. 
The question is how do I know if a player is in his or her country's football squad (or that years squad)
And bear in mind, players from one country are really really really many. 
They are a lot.
The main reason why I am doing this project is to get better at playing the game and to locate good players
whom I may not have known of since I haven't used each and every team in the game.
The only teams I normally tend to use are Liverpool, real madrid, city , psg, chelsea etc. 
I hardly use other teams . but with the help of this project I have been able to locate some insanely special players 
who I have never even heard of. 


The whole game is about defending and attacking. 
for defending, the attributes I need are pace(acceleration and sprint speed), standing tackle , sliding tackle,
marking, strength, aggression.  Headers  and passing are part though but for me these are the specific stats I need

for attacking, I need people who can score, dribble(keep possession of the ball without losing it) , 
and people who can pass. 

To build my squad, I need 2 exceptionally fast , fairly strong players with good finishing. 
I need the midfielders and wingers to be good at dribbling and passing. 
I need the defenders to have the attributes that I specified earlier. 
In fact, I need all my players to be good at passing. 
I want my front 3 to have excellent finishing.