Honestly considering my playstyle, most of the attributes I need are the following. 

for a defender : 
 I need "Strength"
 I need "Aggression"
 I need some decent "Sprint Speed" or "Acceleration"
 I need decent "Passing" most preferrably "Short passing"
 I also need exceptional "Marking"

 for an attacker : 
 I need "dribblers and ball controllers "
 I need "Short passing " 
 I also low key need "Long passing" to get my long through balls accross.

 for the main attackers, I need the following attributes :
 pace 
 finishing + shot power +  long shots
 dribbling 
 short passing. 



 The whole game means a lot when you are able to dribble and keep possession of the ball and pass to the right person at the right 
 time. 
 Being able to defend is also very very very very key so as to not concede goals 
 Being able to score goals is the main aim. 

 For all my front three, I want people who are exceptional at shooting and scoring from long range. 

So honestly for all the functions I have written to find players who are exceptional at specific attributes, 
I will just use them to get players who are excellent at the specific attributes I indicated at the top. 

One thing left for me is the sorting by multiple values. I have to work on that seriously. 
I have to sort the attributes by multiple fields. The functioin that idntifies playes with different attributes over different cutoff 
values and the functions that find the teams with the highest averages of let's say fast players or players excellent at dribbling. 
I have to augment it so that I can find players with highest averages of both dribbling and pace. 

I need to add the ability to sort by multiple fields. 
I also need to be able to add the ability to create your squad of 11 playes satisfying the attributes you provide. 
So you can combine multiple different players throughout the game with specific attributes you need for each position. 
So let's say you are playing the game and you are confused about which players to purchase for your FUT, you can just build 
a squad and you can find equally good players but with lesser price. You will be able to get players who have a  specific attribute you 
badly want. 

summary of tasks left to do. 
1. sorting by multiple fields (averages and attributes over a certain value)
2. random squad builder of 11 players including a goal keeper but all the other players are off different positions. 
3. target squad builder where you specify the different attributes over a targetted value  for different positions.


get players in every position and sort them by their overralls. 
for example which CAMs have the highest overralls
Which strikers have the highest overralls. 
Whih defenders have the highest overralls. 

I can even sort them by potential as well. 

I want to find a way of finding player clones of certain players who have similar or equal attributes in more than 
3 areas. 
For the squad builder, I have an idea. 
I can split the players into their various positions. 
I will put all left wingers in one list, all right wingers in one list, all center backs in one list, all left wing backs in one list, 
all right wing backs in another list, all Center Defensive midfielders in one list, all center attacking midfielders in another list, 
all Strikers in another list , and all Center midfielders in one list, all goal keepers in one list. 

Or I can do them a dictionary but let's see what will happen if I decide to finalize it. 

Then after that what I do is that I feed these list into my function tha finces players with specified attributes 
over specified values. Then I place all these in a separate list and I use zip or any method to combine 
one one one one one one from each list to create a team of 11 players with the unique attributes the  " coach " - you 
wants. 

5th May project continued 
I want to be able to find the player with the highest rated attribute in 
a. the whole of a certain country. 
b. the league the player plays in 
c. the team the player plays in. 

for example, let's say I want the player who is the best dribbler in the whole of Ghana. 
or the player who is the best finisher in the whole of netherlands. 
or the player with the best standing tackle in  Liverpool. 
or the fastest player in Premier league. 

friday may 5.
I want to merge the two csv files.
But some of the headers or keys are the same and I don't want any conflicting issues 
so what I want to do is that I want to add the overall and potential attributes and values to 
the detailed player attributes and values.  
I am sure there is a better way to do this. I will later ask chatGPT for help, I don't want to be a lazy thinker. 
What I can do is this, I will read the values from one csv(playerShallowStats) and unpack them into the read values from another csv
(playerDetailedStats) so that I can see all the more important attributes in just one csv file 
so that there won't be any need to read two separate csv files anytime I am trying to build some new function. 

One of the main reasons why I am doing this is that let's say I want to get the best dribbler with the highest potential
or the fastest player with the best overall etc 
Honestly there are only three attributes/values I need from the playerShallowStats.csv which I need to add to the playerDetailedStats.csv
They are Overall, Potential , and stats.

Another thing I want to do is to calculate the main six attributes which are 
shooting, passing, pace, physical, dribbling, defending 
They won't be 100 % accurate as the actual EA one but then they will be very close. 
Like 98% accurate most of the time.  I actually tried calculating them manually and compared them to the actual real stats

These are the coefficients used to calculate the  6 main attributes in the game 
PACE 
acceleration - 45
sprint speed - 55

DEFENDING 
Interceptions - 20
Heading Accuracy - 10
Defensive Awareness (Marking) - 30 
Standing tackle - 30 
Sliding tackle - 10 

PHYSICAL 
Jumping - 05 
Stamina - 25
Strength - 50 
Aggression - 20

DRIBBLING   
Dribbling - 50 
Ball Control - 35
Agility - 10 
Balance - 5

PASSING 
vision - 20 
Crossing - 20 
FK Accuracy - 5
Short Pass - 35
Long Pass - 15
curve - 5 

Shooting 
Attacking Positioning - 05
finishing - 45
shot power - 20
Long shots - 20 
Volleys - 5
Penalties - 5


other tasks 
*you enter the name or names of the player you want and you get his attributes (each and every one of them.)
* you enter the n ame or names of the player you want and the attribute you want and then it prints it out 
* you enter two players and try to find an attribute you specify belonging to both of them(the player with 
the higher value for that attribute out of the two gets some sort of indication) 
* you enter two players and try to find all the comparison of their attributes.

new tasks- update august 27th

what do I want to do. 

does a team have one or more players that are wingers that have pace over 90 
does a team have one or more players that are wingers that have pace over 90  and dribbling also over 90
does a team have one or more players that are defenders that have pace over 90 
does a team have one or more players that are defenders that have dribbling over 90
which teams have the fastest attacking midfielders 
who is the fastest atttacking midfielder and which team is he from 
who is the fastest defensive midfielder and which team is he also from 

New cool ideas that I have gotten. 
I am going to combine all the attributes so that I can do more impressive things. 
I can add the overall, stats,total, teams rating for attack, overrall,midfield,and defense so that I can do even more 
cool things like searching for teams with players over 89 that have 89 pace that have overall less than 70